Understanding the problem

The error message invalid input syntax for type integer: "7bad0693-9053-423f-a2f0-a61c20b9cbf4" indicates that your application is attempting to use a UUID (Universally Unique Identifier) string "7bad0693-9053-423f-a2f0-a61c20b9cbf4" in a context where an integer is expected. The error originates from the server side, specifically within a database operation, when processing a request to fetch conversations, as indicated by the Error fetching conversations message. This suggests that the backend is trying to parse or use the UUID as an integer, which is invalid. This typically happens if a route is expecting an integer as a parameter but you are sending a string instead.

How to verify
Inspect Network Requests: Use the Network tab in Chrome DevTools to inspect the request made to fetch conversations. Examine the request URL and any parameters to verify if any UUID is being sent where an integer should be.
Check Backend Code: Review the server-side code that handles fetching conversations. Identify the part of the code that parses the request parameters and interacts with the database. Look for places where an integer type is expected, and ensure that UUIDs are not being passed there.
Database Schema: Verify the database schema for tables involved in fetching conversations. Confirm that fields intended to store numeric identifiers are defined as integer types, and not string or UUID types.
Check the fetchConversations function: Review the fetchConversations function and how it calls the backend api. Make sure the api calls are passing the right parameters to the backend.
Suggested fix
The error is in how the client application is constructing its request to the server or how the server is processing the incoming request. You can address it in one of two ways:

Correct the client-side request: Ensure that any route parameters or request body fields intended for integer values are indeed integers, not UUIDs. If a UUID is being passed in error, you will need to find the right integer value to pass instead. If the route is supposed to take a UUID, the problem might be on the server instead.
Correct the server-side request parsing: If the route parameter is actually a UUID, you will need to change how the server handles the route parameter. The server might expect an integer for some reason, but it should be able to parse the UUID.
Here is an example of how you could change the fetchConversations function to pass the correct parameters:

Code

tsx
// In ChatList.tsx
//...
const fetchConversations = async (someId: number) => { // Updated parameter type to number.
  try {
    const response = await fetch(`/api/conversations/${someId}`); // Update the route to contain the right parameters.
    if (!response.ok) {
      const error = await response.json();
      console.error('Error fetching conversations:', error);
      throw error;
    }
    const data = await response.json();
    setConversations(data);
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error fetching conversations:', error);
  }
};
// ...
Use code snippets with caution

If the backend server does not support UUID parameters, it will need to be updated as well.

Summary
The error is caused by passing a UUID where an integer is expected, likely in a database query or route parameter. Verify the data type of request parameters and the fields in the database schema. You can fix it by ensuring that either only integers are passed or by having the server code and database accept UUIDs instead of integers where appropriate.